# BruMarket

This project is built in Apache NetBeans 13 using Java. The management software is called BruMarket and is designed with an intricate user-friendly philosophy with an array of Classes and Methods that make a simple Graphical User Interface.
Each class has a specified set of methods designed to garner the requirements of the client, i.e., to view product lists, re-order, stock up, etc. This software has the intention of implementing a management system for employers, and employees to run their logistic chains smoothly. There is a specified set of classes designed in the backend to function the product management and re-ordering. The classes namely: Customer, Employee, Product, Product List, and Supplier. There are arbitrary vendor names as well: Gardenia, Billy The Butcher, Dairy Queen, and SweetStop.This project is built in Apache NetBeans 13 using Java. The management software is called BruMarket and is designed with an intricate user-friendly philosophy with an array of Classes and Methods that make a simple Graphical User Interface. Each class has a specified set of methods designed to garner the requirements of the client, i.e., to view product lists, re-order, stock up, etc. This software has the intention of implementing a management system for employers, and employees to run their logistic chains smoothly. There is a specified set of classes designed in the backend to function the product management and re-ordering. The classes namely: Customer, Employee, Product, Product List, and Supplier. There are arbitrary vendor names as well: Gardenia, Billy The Butcher, Dairy Queen, and SweetStop.
